When things get bad enough, the kitten will kill the lion. 

I’m a genius but nobody knows it but me. 

I’m just an alcoholic who became a writer so that I would be able to stay in bed until noon. 

Fiction is an improvement on life.

People were usually much better in their letters than in reality. They were much like poets in this way.  

An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way. An artist says a hard thing in a simple way.

Great art is horse shit, buy tacos.

Sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think, I’m not going to make it, but you laugh inside – remembering all the times you’ve felt that way.

People run from rain but sit in bathtubs full of water.

The tigers have found me and I do not care.

I guess the only time most people think about injustice is when it happens to them.

Bad taste creates many more millionaires than good taste.

I wanted the whole world or nothing.

Poetry is what happens when nothing else can.

The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it – basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them.

In my work, as a writer, I only photograph, in words, what I see.

If you’re going to try, go all the way. Otherwise, don’t even start. This could mean losing girlfriends, wives, relatives and maybe even your mind. It could mean not eating for three or four days. It could mean freezing on a park bench. It could mean jail. It could mean derision. It could mean mockery–isolation. Isolation is the gift. All the others are a test of your endurance, of how much you really want to do it. And, you’ll do it, despite rejection and the worst odds. And it will be better than anything else you can imagine. If you’re going to try, go all the way. There is no other feeling like that. You will be alone with the gods, and the nights will flame with fire. You will ride life straight to perfect laughter. It’s the only good fight there is.

What matters most is how well you walk through the fire.

Dogs and angels are not very far apart.

Genius might be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way.

People are strange: they are constantly angered by trivial things, but on a major matter like totally wasting their lives, they hardly seem to notice.

You begin saving the world by saving one man at a time; all else is grandiose romanticism or politics.

Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must live.

I don’t like the clean-shaven boy with the necktie and the good job. I like desperate men, men with broken teeth and broken minds and broken ways. They interest me. They are full of surprises and explosions.

Beware of those who seek constant crowds; they are nothing alone.

And if you have the ability to love, love yourself first. 

Watching the bull get the matador, that’s the best.

And you invented me and I invented you and that’s why we don’t get along. 

Cheer up. Maybe you’ll be famous after you’re dead. 

Look at his hands. He has the most beautiful hands. You can see that he has never worked. 

Some people don’t like anybody who is famous. Some people don’t like anybody who isn’t.

“Do you hate people?”

“I don't hate them...I just feel better when they're not around.”

“We're all going to die, all of us, what a circus! That alone should make us love each other but it doesn't. We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities, we are eaten up by nothing.”

“You have to die a few times before you can really
live.”
― Charles Bukowski, The People Look Like Flowers at Last
6361 likesLike
“The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence.”

“My ambition is handicapped by laziness”

Find what you love and let it kill you.”

“An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way. An artist says a hard thing in a simple way.”

“If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose”
― charles bukowski
4368 likesLike
“Some lose all mind and become soul,insane.
some lose all soul and become mind, intellectual.
some lose both and become accepted”

“those who escape hell
however
never talk about
it
and nothing much
bothers them
after
that.”

“Boring damned people. All over the earth. Propagating more boring damned people. What a horror show. The earth swarmed with them.”

“A love like that was a serious illness, an illness from which you never entirely recover.”

“Of course it's possible to love a human being if you don't know them too well.”

“People with no morals often considered themselves more free, but mostly they lacked the ability to feel or love.”

“I stopped looking for a Dream Girl, I just wanted one that wasn't a nightmare.”

Sometimes you just have to pee in the sink.”

“I was drawn to all the wrong things: I liked to drink, I was lazy, I didn't have a god, politics, ideas, ideals. I was settled into nothingness; a kind of non-being, and I accepted it. I didn't make for an interesting person. I didn't want to be interesting, it was too hard. What I really wanted was only a soft, hazy space to live in, and to be left alone

“Life's as kind as you let it be.”

“unless it comes out of
your soul like a rocket,
unless being still would
drive you to madness or
suicide or murder,
don't do it.
unless the sun inside you is
burning your gut,
don't do it.

when it is truly time,
and if you have been chosen,
it will do it by
itself and it will keep on doing it
until you die or it dies in you.

there is no other way.

and there never was.”
― Charles Bukowski
1347 likesLike
“The shortest distance between two points is often unbearable.”
― Charles Bukowski

Things get bad for all of us, almost continually, and what we do under the constant stress reveals who/what we are.”

“Without literature, life is hell.”

“some moments are nice, some are
nicer, some are even worth
writing
about.”

This is very important -- to take leisure time. Pace is the essence. Without stopping entirely and doing nothing at all for great periods, you're gonna lose everything...just to do nothing at all, very, very important. And how many people do this in modern society? Very few. That's why they're all totally mad, frustrated, angry and hateful.”

“She's mad, but she's magic. There's no lie in her fire.”

“There are times when those eyes inside your brain stare back at you.”
― Charles Bukowski, What Matters Most is How Well You Walk Through the Fire
892 likesLike
“I never met another man I'd rather be. And even if that's a delusion, it's a lucky one.”

“The difference between a democracy and a dictatorship is that in a democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a dictatorship you don't have to waste your time voting”

“We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us.”

“In the morning it was morning and I was still alive.”

“Beauty is nothing, beauty won’t stay. You don’t know how lucky you are to be ugly, because if people like you, you know it’s for something else.”

“nobody can save you but yourself and you’re worth saving. it’s a war not easily won but if anything is worth winning then this is it.”

“The trouble with a mask is it never changes”

Goodness can be found sometimes in the middle of hell.”

“It was a joy! Words weren't dull, words were things that could make your mind hum. If you read them and let yourself feel the magic, you could live without pain, with hope, no matter what happened to you.”

“the courage it took to get out of bed each
morning
to face the same things
over and over
was
enormous.”

“It's better to do a dull thing with style than a dangerous thing without it.”

“There is nothing that teaches you more than regrouping
after failure and moving on. Yet most people are stricken with
fear. They fear failure so much that they fail. They are too
conditioned, too used to being told what to do. It begins with
the family, runs through school and goes into the business
world.”

“My Dear,
Find what you love and let it kill you. Let it drain you of your all. Let it cling onto your back and weigh you down into eventual nothingness. Let it kill you and let it devour your remains. For all things will kill you, both slowly and fastly, but it's much better to be killed by a lover.
-Falsely yours”

“they thought I had guts
they were wrong
I was only frightened of
more important things”

“nobody can save you but
yourself.
you will be put again and again
into nearly impossible
situations.
they will attempt again and again
through subterfuge, guise and
force
to make you submit, quit and/or die quietly
inside.

nobody can save you but
yourself
and it will be easy enough to fail
so very easily
but don’t, don’t, don’t.
just watch them.
listen to them.
do you want to be like that?
a faceless, mindless, heartless
being?
do you want to experience
death before death?

nobody can save you but
yourself
and you’re worth saving.
it’s a war not easily won
but if anything is worth winning then
this is it.

think about it.
think about saving your self.”

“The crazy ones only laugh when there is no reason to laugh.”

“There are only two things wrong with money: too much or too little.”

“regret is mostly caused by not having
done anything.”